# Post-project Reflection

Overall, I think the project turned out pretty great. It definitely beat my expectations as to how it would perform. I thought that it wouldn't be very effective at all, but I was actually able to make it pretty good. I tested the algorithm with some low-effort reordering, renaming, and basic rewriting, and many of the things I tried did not actually get past the algorithm. At least, someone who isn't willing to spend effort doing the assignment probably wouldn't spend that much effort cheating on it.

I learned a *lot* of new things throughout this project. Not only did I learn about how document fingerprinting is done, and the algorithms behind it, I also learned how to use tools like Maven and frameworks like JavaFX. Actually, I really love learning, and being able to try some new things did influence decisions I made over the course of the project, like choosing to go with JavaFX over the much more commonly used Swing, which I was already familiar with.

The biggest thing that I need to work on is just time management. I procrastinated a large portion of the project to the last day, and didn't end up submitting on time (though, I hope that an hour late is not that big of a deal). Part of the reason I ended up late was because I got caught up in some AP exam prep and homework earlier in the week that I didn't think would take too much time, but I still should have already been much farther ahead by that time. Also, I think I underestimated how complex creating the UI would be (although part of that is because I've never used JavaFX before).